# Title

Immutable `Organizer` for a contest


## Summary
Whenever Sparkn get new problem/project to solve, creates a contest with a `organizer`, `contestId`, `closingTime` and `implementation`. Here `organizer's` job is to monitor participant offchain work and allocate `percentage` reward on the basis of their work and participation in contest.
Cases where `Organizer` is not able to perform operation or `careless` [in the talk with Sparkn team we found that `organizer` is trusted so he won't rekt the contest by messing percentage but he can be `careless` and doesn't do work as intended ], admin don't have choice on changing `organizer` role.

## Vulnerability Details
`Organizer` is `EOA` which have some reputation and due to that he gets the moderator role for a contest and perform necessary operation offchain to allocate proper percentage to participants.
in the case of `careless` organizer protocol won't able to change `organizer`. Only option that is available to create new contest with different `organizer` but in that case prefunds by sponsor will remain in previous contest.

FLOW

Sparkn Admin got a project from Japan government and creates a contest with organizer A with a unique contest ID and a proper closing time.
As `salt` includes `organizer A` address so sponsors will send funds to `proxyAddress` which includes `organizer A` address. As `Organizer A` becomes careless so now admin don't have any option to change `organizer` for given contest other than experience next described impact on the project

## Impact
1. Participation will be affected after seeing careless organizer and that will affect overall contest
2. There is one week time for distributing reward and as organizer is not performing as indented so `admin` will have to distribute reward    
 a) Admin don't have much idea of real on field work since he 
    was dependent on `organizer`. It can result in unfair 
    reward calculation and less participation from next 
    contest.
 b) Participants will get their prizes late than the active 
   `organizer`
3. Sponsor who provide funds for perfect work completion/contest and a fair reward to participant but careless `organizer's` will affect Sponsor participation as well as trust on `Sparkn`. 

## Tools Used

Manual

## Recommendations

1. `salt` should not be based on the `organizer` address
2.  Implement an `updateOrganizer` which can be only called by admin (`sparkn`)

The whole idea to make muatable organizer for a contest that will motivate current `orgainzer` work properly and earn sponsors trust.

This give more control to admin over contest. `Sponsors` will be also happy as they will be less dependent on `Organizer'. 